You can hear the songbirds singing
And you watch the clouds roll by
Then you're walking in the valley
As the sun shines in a clear blue sky
You're welcoming your loved ones
And you can't believe
Yes, this earthly paradise
Was just around the corner
There's a house down in the valley
And a house high on
They're singing by the river
As the water flows and turns the milk
The golden fields are waiting
Let the harvesting begin
Once the world we're living in
Was just around the corner
It's great to share with friends who care
The things that we looked forward to
Now every tear has disappeared
The world is young
And life is new
There's the sound of happy voices
And the scent of new morn hay
Now you're calling to your loved ones
As you start another perfect day
Then we thank for his tend
Yes, the blessings we all share
Were just around the corner
A smile and say
How good to see your happy face
Because once it seemed
I only dreamed that you'd be in waste
Waiting round the corner
Is a world I long to see
It's a promise from Jehovah
It's a guarantee reality
And it's hard to get down hard in
When I think of what's in store
It's the day I'm waiting for
And it's just around the corner